NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

This Non-Disclosure Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of March 1, 2024, by and between:

TechCorp Solutions, Inc., a California corporation with its principal place of business at 789 Innovation Drive, San Francisco, CA 94105 (the "Disclosing Party")

and

DataFlow Analytics, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with its principal place of business at 321 Data Street, Austin, TX 78701 (the "Receiving Party")

WHEREAS, the parties are considering entering into a business relationship that may involve the disclosure of confidential and proprietary information;

WHEREAS, the parties wish to protect the confidentiality of such information;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE I: DEFINITIONS

Section 1.1: Confidential Information
"Confidential Information" means any information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving Party, either directly or indirectly, in writing, orally, or by inspection of tangible objects, which is designated as "Confidential," "Proprietary," or some similar designation, or which should reasonably be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of disclosure.

Section 1.2: Exclusions
Confidential Information shall not include information that:
(a) was publicly known at the time of disclosure;
(b) becomes publicly known after disclosure through no fault of the Receiving Party;
(c) was known to the Receiving Party prior to disclosure;
(d) is independently developed by the Receiving Party without use of the Confidential Information;
(e) is required to be disclosed by law or court order.

ARTICLE II: CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS

Section 2.1: Non-Disclosure
The Receiving Party agrees to hold the Confidential Information in strict confidence and not to disclose such information to any third party without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party.

Section 2.2: Use Limitation
The Receiving Party shall use the Confidential Information solely for the purpose of evaluating the potential business relationship between the parties and shall not use such information for any other purpose.

Section 2.3: Protection
The Receiving Party shall take reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information, including but not limited to:
(a) limiting access to Confidential Information to employees who have a need to know;
(b) requiring such employees to sign confidentiality agreements;
(c) maintaining the Confidential Information in secure locations;
(d) using industry-standard security measures for electronic storage and transmission.

ARTICLE III: TERM AND TERMINATION

Section 3.1: Term
This Agreement shall remain in effect for a period of three (3) years from the date of disclosure of any Confidential Information.

Section 3.2: Survival
The obligations of confidentiality and non-use shall survive the termination of this Agreement for a period of five (5) years.

Section 3.3: Return of Materials
Upon termination of this Agreement or upon the written request of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party shall promptly return all copies of Confidential Information to the Disclosing Party or destroy such copies and provide written certification of destruction.

ARTICLE IV: REMEDIES

Section 4.1: Injunctive Relief
The parties acknowledge that monetary damages may not be a sufficient remedy for unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information and that the Disclosing Party shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief in addition to any other remedies available at law or in equity.

Section 4.2: Attorney's Fees
In the event of any legal action arising out of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorney's fees and costs.

ARTICLE V: GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 5.1: Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

Section 5.2: Jurisdiction
Any legal action arising out of this Agreement shall be brought in the courts of San Francisco County, California.

Section 5.3: Entire Agreement
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings.

Section 5.4: Amendment
This Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument signed by both parties.

Section 5.5: Severability
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect.

Section 5.6: No License
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as granting any license or right to use any intellectual property rights of the Disclosing Party.

Section 5.7: Independent Contractors
The parties are independent contractors and nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to create a partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

TECHCORP SOLUTIONS, INC.

By: _________________________
Name: Michael Johnson
Title: Chief Executive Officer

DATAFLOW ANALYTICS, LLC

By: _________________________
Name: Sarah Williams
Title: Managing Director 